 nbsp Dear MARCELINE BROOK Your latest statement for account ending 020 is ready for you online now. Log in to Online Banking to see more information on your account. You will also find a link to the Financial Services Compensation Scheme FSCS Information Sheet and Exclusions List on your statement which provides details about how the FSCS protects the money you have deposited with us. If you need more help in understanding your statement visit our statements explained page. Stay secure We will never contact you and ask you to provide your security details. If you are in doubt please visit our Security Centre. Yours sincerely The Online Banking Team Calls may be recorded. nbsp nbsp nbsp Important information about compensation arrangements Your eligible deposits with NatWest are protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. An FSCS Information Sheet and list of exclusions will be provided to you in a link within your e-statement. For further information about the compensation provided by the FSCS refer to the FSCS website at www.FSCS.org.uk nbsp nbsp About this Email This email is confidential and intended for the addressee only. Please delete if that is not you. This is a service message designed to keep you informed of important information associated with your account. Please do not reply to this email as the address is not monitored. Visit our Support Centre if you have any queries and we'll be happy to help. Important Security Information NatWest will NEVER ask for your full PIN or Password when identifying you on the phone or online and will NEVER ask for Card Reader codes on the phone or when logging in. Fraudsters may claim to be the bank police or other companies you trust to try and access security information. If you receive a call or email from NatWest that you are suspicious about cease the call immediately or forward the email to phishingnatwest.com. Visit natwest.com/security for more information and advice. National Westminster Bank plc. Registered in England and Wales Registered Number 929027 Registered Office: 250 Bishopsgate London EC2M 4AA. We are authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. 